# Simplest TOPAS example.
# A box in a beam with EM physics.

s:Ge/MyBox/Type     = "TsBox"
s:Ge/MyBox/Material = "Air"
s:Ge/MyBox/Parent   = "World"
d:Ge/MyBox/HLX      = 2.5 m
d:Ge/MyBox/HLY      = 2. m
d:Ge/MyBox/HLZ      = 1. m
d:Ge/MyBox/TransX   = 2. m
d:Ge/MyBox/TransY   = 0. m
d:Ge/MyBox/TransZ   = 0. m
d:Ge/MyBox/RotX     = 0. deg
d:Ge/MyBox/RotY     = 0. deg
d:Ge/MyBox/RotZ     = 0. deg

sv:Ph/Default/Modules = 1 "g4em-standard_opt0"

s:Gr/ViewA/Type             = "OpenGL"
i:Gr/ViewA/WindowSizeX      = 1024
i:Gr/ViewA/WindowSizeY      = 768
b:Gr/ViewA/IncludeAxes      = "True"
d:Gr/ViewA/Theta            = 55 deg
d:Gr/ViewA/Phi              = 20 deg
s:Gr/ViewA/Projection       = "Perspective"
d:Gr/ViewA/PerspectiveAngle = 30 deg
u:Gr/ViewA/Zoom             = 2.

b:Ts/PauseBeforeQuit = "True"
