# Demonstrates binning by R, Phi and Z in a cylinder

s:Ge/World/Material    = "Vacuum"
d:Ge/World/HLX         = 1.0 m
d:Ge/World/HLY         = 1.0 m
d:Ge/World/HLZ         = 1.0 m
d:Ge/World/MaxStepSize = 1.0 m

s:Ge/ScoringCylinder/Type     = "TsCylinder"
s:Ge/ScoringCylinder/Parent   = "World"
s:Ge/ScoringCylinder/Material = "G4_WATER"
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/RMin     = 2. cm
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/RMax     = 40. cm
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/HL       = 40. cm
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/SPhi     = 0. deg
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/DPhi     = 360. deg
i:Ge/ScoringCylinder/RBins    = 6
i:Ge/ScoringCylinder/PhiBins  = 6
i:Ge/ScoringCylinder/ZBins    = 6

s:Sc/MyScorer/Quantity                  = "EnergyDeposit"
s:Sc/MyScorer/Component                 = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/MyScorer/OutputFile                = "Energy_Test"
s:Sc/MyScorer/OutputType                = "csv"
b:Sc/MyScorer/OutputToConsole           = "False"
s:Sc/MyScorer/IfOutputFileAlreadyExists = "Overwrite"

s:Gr/ViewA/Type                             = "OpenGL"
i:Gr/ViewA/WindowSizeX                      = 1024
i:Gr/ViewA/WindowSizeY                      = 768
d:Gr/ViewA/Theta                            = 55 deg
d:Gr/ViewA/Phi                              = 20 deg
s:Gr/ViewA/Projection                       = "Perspective"
d:Gr/ViewA/PerspectiveAngle                 = 30 deg
u:Gr/ViewA/Zoom                             = 2.
b:Gr/ViewA/HiddenLineRemovalForTrajectories = "True"

s:So/Example/Type                     = "Beam"
s:So/Example/Component                = "BeamPosition"
s:So/Example/BeamParticle             = "proton"
d:So/Example/BeamEnergy               = 169.23 MeV
u:So/Example/BeamEnergySpread         = 0.757504
s:So/Example/BeamPositionDistribution = "Gaussian"
s:So/Example/BeamPositionCutoffShape  = "Ellipse"
d:So/Example/BeamPositionCutoffX      = 10. cm
d:So/Example/BeamPositionCutoffY      = 10. cm
d:So/Example/BeamPositionSpreadX      = 0.65 cm
d:So/Example/BeamPositionSpreadY      = 0.65 cm
s:So/Example/BeamAngularDistribution  = "Gaussian"
d:So/Example/BeamAngularCutoffX       = 90. deg
d:So/Example/BeamAngularCutoffY       = 90. deg
d:So/Example/BeamAngularSpreadX       = 0.0032 rad
d:So/Example/BeamAngularSpreadY       = 0.0032 rad
i:So/Example/NumberOfHistoriesInRun   = 1000

i:Ts/ShowHistoryCountAtInterval = 100
b:Ts/PauseBeforeQuit = "True"
