#
includeFile = VRT_1.txt

uvc:Vr/ParticleSplit/ForRegion/target/SplitNumber     = 1  100
bc:Vr/ParticleSplit/UseDirectionalSplitting = "True"
ic:So/electronBeam/NumberOfHistoriesInRun = 100

s:Sc/phaseSpace/OutputFile = "productionCutsPerRegion"
b:Sc/phaseSpace/KillAfterPhaseSpace = "True"

s:Ge/Jaw/AssignToRegionNamed = "Jaws"
s:Ge/MLC/AssignToRegionNamed = "MLC"

s:Ge/FlatteningFilter1/AssignToRegionNamed = "FlatteningFilter"
s:Ge/FlatteningFilter2/AssignToRegionNamed = "FlatteningFilter"

s:Ge/Collimator_1/AssignToRegionNamed = "Collimator"
s:Ge/Collimator_2/AssignToRegionNamed = "Collimator"
s:Ge/Collimator_3/AssignToRegionNamed = "Collimator"
s:Ge/Collimator_4/AssignToRegionNamed = "Collimator"
s:Ge/Collimator_5/AssignToRegionNamed = "Collimator"
s:Ge/Collimator_6/AssignToRegionNamed = "Collimator"

# Production cuts
# Elsewhere
d:Ph/Default/CutForElectron = 10. mm
d:Ph/Default/CutForPositron = 10. mm
d:Ph/Default/CutForGamma = 10. mm

# Target and collimator
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Target/CutForElectron = 1. mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Target/CutForPositron = 1. mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Target/CutForGamma = 10 mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Collimator/CutForElectron = 0.1 mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Collimator/CutForPositron = 0.1 mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Collimator/CutForGamma = 10 mm

# Flattening filter
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Flattening/CutForElectron = 1. mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Flattening/CutForPositron = 1. mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Flattening/CutForGamma = 10 mm

# Jaws
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Jaws/CutForElectron = 0.3 mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Jaws/CutForPositron = 0.3 mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/Jaws/CutForGamma = 1.0 mm

# MLC
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/MLC/CutForElectron = 0.3 mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/MLC/CutForPositron = 0.3 mm
d:Ph/Default/ForRegion/MLC/CutForGamma = 1.0 mm

b:Ts/ShowCPUTime = "True"

